README.md, before:

# [DJHero2903/papermc_downloader](https://github.com/DJHero2903/papermc_downloader) 
**A python script to download a selected version and build of paper using the papermc.io API v2.**


## Installation

1. Clone this repository `git clone https://github.com/DJHero2903/papermc_downloader.git` or [download as zip archive](https://github.com/DJHero2903/papermc_downloader/archive/refs/heads/main.zip),


2. Install python 3.10.10 or higher,

3. Install the required dependencies from pypi using pip with the requirements.txt file.
    - `requests` - Used to request data from the papermc api.
    - `tqdm` - Used to display a progress bar during the download of the selected version and build of paper.

- Windows
```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```
- Mac/Linux
```bash
pip3 install -r requirements.txt
```
## Usage
- Run the script in your terminal or command prompt and follow the on screen instructions.

    - Windows
    ```
    python papermc_downloader.py
    ```
    
    - Mac/Linux
    ```
    python3 papermc_downloader.py
    ```
## Licence
[GNU General Public License v3.0](https://github.com/DJHero2903/papermc_downloader/blob/main/LICENSE)

Commit message:

feat: :lipstick: Switch to rich for UI and download progress bar.

README.md, after:

# [DJHero2903/papermc_downloader](https://github.com/DJHero2903/papermc_downloader)

**A python script to download a selected version and build of paper using the papermc.io API v2.**

## Installation

1. Clone this repository `git clone https://github.com/DJHero2903/papermc_downloader.git` or [download as zip archive](https://github.com/DJHero2903/papermc_downloader/archive/refs/heads/main.zip),

2. Install python 3.11.3 or higher,

3. Install the required dependencies from pypi using pip with the requirements.txt file.
    - `requests` - Used to request data from the papermc api.
    - `rich` - Used to display prompts, highlighted text, tables and file download progress bar.

- Windows

```bash
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

- Mac/Linux

```bash
pip3 install -r requirements.txt
```

## Usage

- Run the script in your terminal or command prompt and follow the on screen instructions.

  - Windows

    ```
    python papermc_downloader.py
    ```

  - Mac/Linux

    ```
    python3 papermc_downloader.py

    ```

## Highlighting

All available choices are shown in magenta.
The default option is shown in cyan.

## Licence

[GNU General Public License v3.0](https://github.com/DJHero2903/papermc_downloader/blob/main/LICENSE)
